Add Select platform to Tessie (#30251)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/tessie.markdown

## Entities

### Select

> The integration will create a select entity to control each of the seat heaters, and allows you to set each to Off, Low, Medium, or High.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration will create a select entity to control each of the seat heaters. It allows you to set each seat heater to Off, Low, Medium, or High.
```

> - Front Left
> - Front Right
> - Rear Left (if installed)
> - Rear Center (if installed)
> - Rear Right (if installed)
> - Third Row Left (if installed)
> - Third Row Right (if installed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Front left
- Front right
- Rear left (if installed)
- Rear center (if installed)
- Rear right (if installed)
- Third row left (if installed)
- Third row right (if installed)
```
